holland eliminated mexico in a match
controversial before the failure we can arm
explanations of why the old man
locked
that because the referee sold that for
be so poorly looking after the
petroleum we neglect the parties of the
selection is why we feel
as 4 8 12 16 20 24 and 28 years ago
the truth I do not remember more world
let's hope that in Russia 2018 and even with
fiber for those of the cold now
it turns out that even the Dutch airline
Klm scoffed at the elimination of Mexico
in the world
if they had lost of them we
we would have cheated worse we are more
past spear because we lost against
holland the nationalists who defend
of the oil
they became anti- nationalists
celebrating the defeat of mexico we must
accept Mexico as it is with its
corrupt politicians
with his incompetent football team
with your insecurity with your beautiful
beaches and their beautiful women with their
monopolies with their expensive gasoline with their
traditions and with their songs
and now what do we do after the
World curtain of smoke will be time
to legalize marijuana
the Dutch did and won
we must nationalize mamés and we must
sell the louse and the old
he got the shag or the clear louse if
someone does not want to buy we owe to
coppel we must the car we must the light
water and gas Mexicans must
to love Mexico as it is and if not
like your country then go live to another
side